02/28/2020

This milestone was probably the hardest I have had to do since having Adam as a teacher because there was no motivation to do it. 
I knew the deadline was approaching and I needed to get the milestone done, but I did not care. I was in a constant loop of 
“I can do it tomorrow” and when tomorrow came the same thing was said. 
This was the case for all my classes this week; I had no desire to study or do homework. I blame this on myself for not eating enough 
to have the energy to get through my day. Getting up, rowing, going to class, going to work were all a chore and I would have rather 
stayed in bed. If it wasn’t for my teammates and coaches support, I probably would have stayed in bed. Hopefully, next week will be 
better, and I have a plan for eating more.
So, in regards to this milestone, I didn't do it in a timely fashion or ask questions about it because I was in a really big calorie 
deficit for the amount of calories I needed to consume in order to function. And that led to my lack of desire and motivation to get 
anything completed. I am sorry I was not taking care of myself, and I will do better next week.

As for what I have completed for the milestone, I think I got most of it. I created the deck, card, gamemanager, poker card, and 
poker deck scripts, and I think I have it to where it should work. I did get help from Ryan and Candace in regards to how to do the 
whole milestone, since my attention span this week has been suboptimal at best. I am getting an error that the namespace Card and Deck 
are not seen in the code? I am not sure what that error means, and I really do not have the time to ask. I am going to submit what I 
have and ask about it sometime this weekend. In all honesty, my desire to do anymore is nonexistent and I need to sleep. And since I 
have errors I can’t do the GIF to show it works.

I am really sorry I can’t get myself to care anymore about this, and I am sorry you have to deal with this. 
I really wish I could snap out of this funk. 
